Engineering Co-op Students, Mechanical, Electrical & Civil/StructuralSudbury, ON, CANApply Now1 item addedID: 1076978Job DescriptionReady to build a rewarding career in an industry that is growing? Who We AreWe are a global mining company dedicated to safely delivering nickel, copper, cobalt, and platinum group metals essential for the world’s energy transition.Our mission is to improve lives and shape a better future together.From utensils to cellphones to satellites, our operations simplify daily life and enhance connectivity. Our metals are integral to life-saving medical equipment and the electric vehicles driving the fight against climate change – our work truly matters.Join our diverse team of 15,000 talented individuals committed to transforming critical minerals into prosperity and sustainable development in countries like Canada, Brazil, Indonesia, the United Kingdom, and Japan. We invite you to use your skills with us and contribute to something meaningful and enduring. The OpportunityWe are currently seeking Engineering Students to join our Engineering and Studies Department in Sudbury, ON.The opportunities are fixed term co-op positions, 4-12 months in duration, beginning in either January or May of 2025. Note: when applying to the posting, please clearly state in your cover letter; the program you are currently enrolled in, year of study, location of preference, availability to start and duration of the term.As an Engineering Coop student you will be provided with an opportunity that will allow you to gain valuable experience, knowledge and be a part of shaping our mining operations.  Additionally, in this position you will:• Follow Vale’s Safety Policies, Programs and Legislative Standards• Develop skills and abilities related to the provision of engineering in Ontario• Ensure compliance to the applicable laws, standards and guidelines• Provide technical support to enable safe and efficient operations in an industrial plant, mine or production laboratory.• Complete assigned projects safely and on time. Project work may include engineering document scanning, engineering standard editing, data analysis and reporting About YouEducation:• We are looking for students currently enrolled and in good standing in an Engineering University program.• Please include transcript(s) in the application.• Considering the following engineering disciplines:• Electrical• Mechanical• Civil/Structural Skills:• Demonstrate good written and oral communication skills• Strong computer skills. Proficiency in Microsoft Office 365 products; Teams, Word, Excel, Outlook.• Ability to work with minimal supervision and work well with others in a team environment• Written and oral communication skills• Must be obsessed with safety and risk• Demonstrate open and transparent dialogue in all aspects of work• Maintain high level of professional conduct What We Offer You• Competitive compensation• Work culture dedicated to safety, diversity & inclusion, and career growth• Online training and career development opportunities• Opportunities to build your network and lots of fun!• All Personal Protective Equipment is provided upon hire. Employees are given a safety boot allowance and receive a 100% reimbursement for prescription safety glasses Why SudburyGreater Sudbury is a vibrant city in northeastern Ontario, renowned for its rich mining history and significant role in Canada's mineral production. The city sits atop one of the world's largest and oldest meteorite impact sites, the Sudbury Basin, which is exceptionally rich in nickel, copper, and other critical minerals that are needed for the green economy. The mining sector is a cornerstone of Sudbury's economy, driving both employment and economic growth, and Vale Base Metals plays a pivotal role in this regard. Our commitment to the community is as deep as our mines. Include to TransformAt Vale Base Metals, we are committed to ensuring an inclusive work environment where people feel comfortable to be themselves. Vale encourages everyone to express their ideas and opinions and values the plurality of individual profiles. We want our people to feel that all voices are heard, all cultures respected and that a variety of perspectives are not only welcome – they are critical to our success. We treat each other fairly and with dignity regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, or any other personal consideration that makes us different.Vale is an equal opportunity employer seeking to increase diversity across our operations and improve equal opportunity at Vale and in the mining industry.In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians and Manitobans with Disabilities Act, accommodation is available throughout our recruitment process for applicants with disabilities.In accordance with the Accessibility for Manitobans Act, accommodation is available throughout our recruitment process for applicants with disabilities. Pay Grade: StudentApply by: October 25, 2024#ValeBaseMetalsGet MatchedUpload your resume and see jobs that match your skills and experienceUpload Your ResumeMatch Unknown